Detail-oriented professional with experience in python programming, data communications, security operations, Cybersecurity, penetration testing,Web Technologies and Data analytics with python & ML. The Co-Founder of Cybershield Tanzania, The CTO of diligent generation Technologies, a proud student at DIT I eager cooperation as i stand a proffesional member of ISC2, DataCamp, Cisco Academy, TryHackme, PicoCTF, PowerLearn Africa, TPPA,ISC2-Kenya and APISEC UNIVERSITY. OOH!, people Frequently Term and praises me as diligent by nature, that he can be relied upon to help your team achieve its goals. He is highly Motivated and logical individual talented in data analysis, data modeling, and data visualization. Experienced in using various tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Excel, and Python libraries such as pandas and numpy to obtain insights from data.
Proven history of developing actionable insights from data to drive business decisions. Results-driven leader with extensive experience in strategic planning, financial management, project management and operational execution. Proven track record in developing and executing innovative strategies to drive organizational growth and maximize profits. Possesses strong interpersonal skills, a collaborative mindset and unwavering commitment to excellence. Adept at building, motivating, and leading cross-functional teams to success.


My mission is to continually enhance my skills and knowledge in the field of cybersecurity, Software engineering and programming for contributing to a safer online environment for individuals and organizations alike. If you share a passion for cybersecurity, technology, or simply want to connect, I'd love to connect

  # I never stop learning something New everyday.
